README.md, before:

# ReactGram

ReactGram is a social media application built with React that allows users to share photos, follow other users, and interact with posts.

## Features

- User authentication and authorization
- Photo upload and sharing
- Follow and unfollow users
- Like and comment on posts
- User profile with photo gallery

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/reactgram.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd reactgram
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Usage

1. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```
2. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and create a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For any inquiries, please contact [yourname@example.com](mailto:yourname@example.com).

Commit message:

update README.md to include backend navigation and server start instructions

README.md, after:

# ReactGram

ReactGram is a social media application built with React that allows users to share photos, follow other users, and interact with posts.

## Features

- User authentication and authorization
- Photo upload and sharing
- Follow and unfollow users
- Like and comment on posts
- User profile with photo gallery

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/reactgram.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:

    - for the back end
    ```bash
    cd reactgram
    cd backend
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Usage

1. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm run server


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and create a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For any inquiries, please contact [yourname@example.com](mailto:yourname@example.com).
